Add information about locking an account (#7377)
ppy/osu-wiki: wiki/Help_centre/Account/en.md

This doesn't mean you can make a new account to do the same thing, either! Having multiple accounts is against the [rules](/wiki/Rules#community-rules), and we will disable any such accounts that are brought to our attention.

> ### I no longer want to keep playing, but I don't want my account to be deleted! 

Reviewer: this section should be below the one about account deletion

Author: I felt that it was above the deletion because it *is* the stage of an account before the deletion of the account, and therefore should be read before the deletion option.

Reviewer: well it doesn't flow as well when you skim the article

since you have "can i delete my account?", then "I no longer want to keep playing, but I don't want my account to be deleted!" follows naturally

if the title was "can i lock my account?" then i'd get your point, but i do think this is a good title as is

*For more information on what you can and cannot do with your account see: [your rights and controls](/wiki/Legal/Privacy#your-rights-and-control).*

Any user can request their account to be **locked** by sending an email to [privacy@ppy.sh](mailto:privacy@ppy.sh), [accounts@ppy.sh](mailto:accounts@ppy.sh), or [support@ppy.sh](mailto:support@ppy.sh). 
A **Locked** status on your account means that the only information that is going to change is going to be the account's associated password. This password is going to be known to only [osu!team](wiki/en/People/The_Team) and no one else. 

All information from that locked account will still be publically visible. The only change done to the account is that the original owner of the account will not have access to it until the original account holder would like the account back to them.  

When the user would like to have their account back, they can simply send an email to one of the emails previously listed above with the intent to unlock their account.  

> *Caution: this is not to be abused. Locking an account should be one of the last resorts for those players that don't want to leave osu! forever, but **need**  dedicated time away from osu! for a legitimate reason.*

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
*Caution: this is not to be abused. Locking an account should be one of the last resorts for those players that don't want to leave osu! forever, but **need** dedicated time away from osu! for a legitimate reason.*
```

Reviewer: let's not format it like a [notice](https://osu.ppy.sh/wiki/en/Article_styling_criteria/Formatting#notice)

```suggestion
*This feature is not to be abused.* Locking an account should be one of the last resorts for those players that don't want to leave osu! forever, but **need** dedicated time away from osu! for a legitimate reason.
```

> *Note: If you do not have a valid reason to lock your account you can reset your password to random words or letters you will never remember and log out. This is essentially the same process as locking. Once you are ready to come back into the osu!community you can send an email to [accounts@ppy.sh](mailto:accounts@ppy.sh) requesting the password to be reset or changed to the password you are going to use.*

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you do not have a valid reason to lock your account, you can change your password to random words or letters you will never remember and log out. This is essentially the same process as locking. Once you are ready to come back into the community, send an email to [accounts@ppy.sh](mailto:accounts@ppy.sh) requesting a password reset.
```

### Can I delete my account?

*For more information on account deletion, see: [osu! privacy policy § Your rights and control](/wiki/Legal/Privacy#your-rights-and-control).*

*Caution: Account deletion is permanent, and therefore cannot be undone!*

Yes, any user can request for their account to be deleted by sending an email to [privacy@ppy.sh](mailto:privacy@ppy.sh). Keep in mind that deleting your account is **final**, meaning that it cannot be reversed or undone. Deleting your account does not mean you can create a new account, as having multiple accounts is against the [rules](/wiki/Rules#community-rules). This means you will no longer be able to use any of osu!'s online features.

### I no longer want to keep playing, but I don't want my account to be deleted! 

> *For more information on what you can and cannot do with your account see: [osu! privacy policy § Your rights and control](/wiki/Legal/Privacy#your-rights-and-control).*

Reviewer 3: I'm not certain how necessary or useful this is considering this same article is linked 5 lines above.

> Any user can request their account to be **locked** by sending an email to [privacy@ppy.sh](mailto:privacy@ppy.sh), [accounts@ppy.sh](mailto:accounts@ppy.sh), or [support@ppy.sh](mailto:support@ppy.sh). The account's associated password will then be scrambled, locking the user out of their account.

Reviewer 3: You can shorten the email list to simply accounts@ppy.sh. Privacy will not handle account locks, only deletions.

> Any user can request their account to be **locked** by sending an email to [privacy@ppy.sh](mailto:privacy@ppy.sh), [accounts@ppy.sh](mailto:accounts@ppy.sh), or [support@ppy.sh](mailto:support@ppy.sh). The account's associated password will then be scrambled, locking the user out of their account.

Reviewer 3: Locking an account also involves removing its email address in order to prevent password resets. The email address is entirely blanked out, not replaced with a template or inexistent one.

> Any user can request their account to be **locked** by sending an email to [privacy@ppy.sh](mailto:privacy@ppy.sh), [accounts@ppy.sh](mailto:accounts@ppy.sh), or [support@ppy.sh](mailto:support@ppy.sh). The account's associated password will then be scrambled, locking the user out of their account.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Any user can request their account to be **locked** by sending an email to [privacy@ppy.sh](mailto:privacy@ppy.sh), [accounts@ppy.sh](mailto:accounts@ppy.sh), or [support@ppy.sh](mailto:support@ppy.sh). The account's associated password will then be scrambled, locking the user out of their account. There is a one-week cooldown after an account is locked in this manner before the user can request it unlocked in order to prevent abuse.
```

> All information from a locked account will still be publicly visible.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
A locked account will remain publicly visible with no changes to information available on its profile.
```
I might be nitpicking here, but "all" information may be misleading, and it's best to avoid ambiguous statements in a page like this.

> To unlock the account again, simply send an email to one of the aforementioned addresses expressing the intent to unlock it.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
To unlock the account again, send an email to [accounts@ppy.sh](mailto:accounts@ppy.sh), from the same email address used in the original account lock request, expressing your intent to unlock it.
```

*This feature is not to be abused.* Locking an account should be one of the last resorts for those players that don't want to leave osu! forever, but **need** dedicated time away from osu! for a legitimate reason.

> If you do not have a valid reason to lock your account, you can change your password to random words or letters you will never remember and log out. This is essentially the same process as locking. Once you are ready to come back into the community, send an email to [accounts@ppy.sh](mailto:accounts@ppy.sh) requesting a password reset.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
You may lock yourself out of your account by changing your email and password to random words or letters you will never remember and logging out. This is essentially the same process as locking. Once you are ready to come back into the community, send an email to [accounts@ppy.sh](mailto:accounts@ppy.sh) requesting a password reset. Make sure you use the email address previously used by your account.
```
Support will not, or exceedingly rarely, ask users to justify their requests. There's no need to expand on one's reasons to get their accounts locked; they only need to make the request.
